Don't err on non-const references by default (#305)
cpplint/cpplint: CHANGELOG.rst

* The false positive for indented function parameters in namespaces was eradicated. (https://github.com/cpplint/cpplint/pull/304)
* build/include-what-you-use now recognizes c-style headers, such as <stdio.h> for symbols from <cstdio>. (https://github.com/cpplint/cpplint/pull/319)
* The warning on non-const references (runtime/references) is now disabled by default pursuant to the May 2020 Google style guide update. (https://github.com/cpplint/cpplint/pull/305)

> * Ruff was ran on the project to improve performance and reader comprehension thanks to @cclauss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ruff lint was run on the project to use more list, dict, and set comprehensions and to improve performance.  @cclauss.
```

> * Ruff was ran on the project to improve performance and reader comprehension thanks to @cclauss.

Author: 1. That would be for a different PR, maybe the bump release date one.
2. There's way more changes to improve performance than comprehensions and I don't see the need to single this out. Plus there are indeed many readability linter changes

Author: (resolved, relevant change was reverted)
